Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will
show you an American, Supernatural horror
film called "Pet Sematary", Spoilers Ahead,
watch out and take care.
The movie starts in a beautiful small town
called Ludlow, Massachusetts.
We see a family arriving to their new home,
Ellie Creed is excited to see their new home
with her father, Louis Creed, who is a doctor
at Boston University, he looks excited as
well as they look at the house, along with
his wife Rachel Creed.
They enter the house with their little son
Gage and their cat called church.
Later that night, the couple is taking rest
as they enjoy their new home.
The next day, Louis goes to work, Rachel and
Ellie are at home organizing some stuff.
They hear some noise, so they go in the woods
to explore further, and they stumble across
a funeral procession with children wearing
animal masks taking a dead dog.
Later, after coming back to home, Ellie decides
to check on it by herself, so she goes to
the woods, while Rachel is at home.
Sooner, Ellie comes across a place called
"Pet Sematary", and she walks inside and sees
many marked graves of animals.
She then tries to climb a wall of piled up
of woods, a man screams at her, and she falls
from it hurting herself, the man then helps
her and introduces himself as Jud Crandall,
she says the Pet Cemetery is spelled wrong,
he then shows her his dog’s grave that he
made.
Sooner, Rachel arrives there, he tells them
that woods are not a safe place for kids and
then she thanks him, and they leave.
Later that night, Ellie asks her dad, why
don’t pets live as long as people? he assures
her that pets go to heaven and she then asks,
so they go to Pet Cemetery after they die?
And he explains further that it’s not a
bad thing, its natural and death is natural,
she is worried about her cat called church,
but they assure her not to worry.
She then asks, why her mom’s sister died
when she was young.
In flashback, Young Rachel is seen walking
in the room while her sister is in a strange
state on the bed.
Louis tells her that their daughter is now
9 years old, and they should reveal it to
her that there is no heaven and no hell after
we die, according to him.
The next day, at the university hospital,
there is an emergency, a student named Victor
is badly injured, new nurses are panicking
while looking at his bad injuries, but Louis
tries to save him and unfortunately, he dies.
Later at work, he sees Victor waking up and
telling him not to break the barrier in a
vision.
Few hours later, Louis is sad, and he is sitting
with their cat outside the home, his wife
comes there, and Louis tells her what happened.
She suggests him to take a few days off from
work.
The next day, Ellie goes to their neighbour
Jud’s home, the man who helped her in the
Cemetery earlier, she got cookies for him,
Ellie invites him to visit her family and
see their cat church as well.
And she shows everyone her Ballet dance, Rachel
asks him if the Pet Cemetery is part of their
land, and he says even beyond cemetery it’s
only your land.
Later that night, Louis is unrest and cannot
sleep, he then hears victor's voice, and he
asks, to follow him by saying, you tried to
help me and now I will help you, in the cemetery,
victor warns him not to interfere with anything.
He then wakes up in the morning, and he notices
that his feet and the sheets are filled with
mud, suggesting that those events were more
than just a nightmare.
Kids are playing and He realizes it’s the
day of Halloween, outside we see Jud doing
a gesture to call him.
Then he shows him that their Cat is dead,
Jud explains that a truck ran over it, and
they should bury it.
Later that night, Louis asks his wife to be
comfortable and tell him why she is being
upset past few days, Rachel reveals that she
can’t stop thinking about her sister Zelda
and that her sister used to hate her because
her spine is not twisted like hers.
One day when they both were alone, Rachel
delivered her food through Dumbwaiter shaft
her family made.
Sooner, only to find out that Zelda tried
moving and she fell down the Shaft, that killed
her.
Louis tries to comfort Rachel who is collapsing
from her past trauma, and they agree to lie
on Ellie, that Church ran away.
Later, Jud takes Louis to the pet cemetery
so they can bury the cat, Jud asks him if
he wants to see his daughter happy, and upon
hearing an instant yes, Jud asks him to follow
him as he climbs across the wooden stock piled
up, as they walk louis sees a symbol that
looks kind of like Naruto’s Konoha, then
they walk in water that is filled with bones,
then they come across an ancient burial ground,
he asks him to bury it by himself and he cannot
interfere.
Later, he comes back to home and Rachel thanks
him for being there.
The next day, the couple reveals it to Ellie
that church ran away.
However, Ellie claims that church is in their
closet, and he came back last night, Louis
goes to check it, and he finds him there.
Later, he goes to Jud, and he asks him what’s
going on?
Jud claims that he wanted to see his daughter
happy so he helped him, Jud further claims
that there are places on earth, which are
older than both of them and even science cannot
find some answers, and they did what they
did just for Ellie.
Later, Louis tries to do some research behind
the pet cemetery, Ellie is trying to brush
her cat, but it gets stuck, and church attacks
her.
Louis assures her that church is just having
mood swings.
Later, Rachel tries to assure him that he
did the right thing, then they start having
a hormone sandwich.
However, church is seen tearing and eating
a bird alive and they stop and call it for
the day.
The next day, Louis goes to basement to get
church, and he sees a dark room and suddenly
light emerges from it, pushing Louis away.
In meantime, Rachel is upstairs, and she hears
the noise of a dumbwaiter shaft, she follows
it, and she has a similar vision like her
past.
Afraid from everything she goes to Louis,
and he hugs by assuring her that if he could
turn this around, he would.
The next day, Ellie is doing some drawings,
Louis takes one of it, and he notices a drawing
that looks little violent, and Ellie tells
him that Gage did it, he goes to Gage and
sees that Church is about to attack him, he
saves his son.
Few hours later, Jud reveals to him that the
burial ground brings things back from the
dead and it is believed to be inhabited by
spirit known as the Wendigo.
And the town built wooden wall around the
burial ground to keep people away.
He apologizes and he says he just wanted to
help him and “sometimes the dead is better”.
Later, Louis attempts to euthanize Church,
but he couldn’t do it, so he decides to
go in the wild and free him to live on his
own.
Church is making sound of purring.
During the 9th Birthday of Ellie, she looks
sad, as everyone wishes her, then Louis tries
to talk to her, and he gives her a teddy and
she looks happy again.
Later, As Louis is playing blindfold with
the kids in party, Ellie notices church on
the road, a tanker truck is also seen on the
road, Little Gage and Louis, they both run
in sports mode to save Ellie, but the truck
couldn’t stop.
So, the driver tries to save her but that
kills her on her birthday.
Later, the family is devastated, and they’re
seen in her funeral.
There is sadness in the house, Rachel says
she keeps hearing footsteps of her daughter.
The next day, Rachel and Gage leave to spend
a few days with Rachel’s parents away from
everything.
Louis is alone at home, he goes to see Jud
and they both share a drink, Jud apologizes
that he shouldn’t have showed him the place,
and warns him that “sometimes dead is better”,
Jud is crying, and he passes out, it turns
out Louis mixed a drug in his drink.
Later, Rachel calls him, but he says, if they
talk tomorrow, it is better.
Later that night, Jud goes to the graveyard,
and he starts digging up the grave of their
daughter.
He takes the sleeping Ellie out from it.
Meanwhile, Rachel is getting visions of her
dead sister Zelda.
In the pet cemetery, victor suggests him to
let go of everything, but Louis denies.
He then takes her body to the burial ground,
and he buries her while apologizing and mourning
of her death.
Few hours later, Louis wakes up and he walks
only to find Church in the house, he then
goes to their basement, and he comes across
Ellie, she is no longer dead, and he gives
her a hug and he cries from joy.
Later, as he is washing her hair, her face
looks different, he tries to brush it, just
like last time when Ellie was trying to brush
Church, the brush gets stuck and he notices
stitches in her skull, maybe from autopsy.
Later, Louis prepares her bed, and she wants
to see her mom and Gage.
He says soon they’ll be back.
She wants him to stay with her, and she thanks
him for bringing her back from the dead.
The next day, Jud wakes up thinking it was
a nightmare, Louis goes downstairs, and he
sees his daughter doing Ballet just like before,
but this time she is violent and aggressive,
Rachel tries calling him, but he won’t answer.
Rachel is stuck in traffic and then she calls
Jud that Louis is not answering the calls,
he goes to his house and notices his nails,
it look like as if he was digging something,
he warns him that if you have done something
it’s not too late to undo it.
While leaving he sees Ellie in the loft, he
flees from there to his home and he prepares
his gun.
He hears the voice of church, so he goes upstairs,
he sees church and then Ellie stabs his feet
with a scalpel.
She then goes to him and takes off her mask,
she taunts him of his dead wife by using her
face, and then she stabs him multiple times
killing him.
Sooner, Rachel and Gage return home, she notices
the marks on his hand, and she ask’s him
what’s going on?
He says he wasn’t ready to say goodbye to
their daughter.
Ellie walks to them alive, and she hugs Rachel,
hurting her by it, and horrified Rachel runs
to upstairs with Gage.
Then Louis explains to her that the burial
ground brought her back to life and this was
the best thing to do.
He then hears someone screaming from Jud’s
house, so he goes there, in the bedroom Rachel
hears voice of her sister and she gets a vision
that she is in place of her sister on the
bed, then the dumbwaiter shaft opens and someone
comes out of it and her spine starts twisting
in a brutal manner, and she wakes up, only
to be attacked by Ellie with a knife, she
cuts her and stabs her, but Rachel manages
to run from there.
Louis sees their cat church, along with Jud’s
body full of blood.
Rachel breaks the window, and she passes Gage
from there to him, and then she is stabbed
by Ellie, and she says do you want a hug Mommy?
And then she stabs her again.
Louis goes and locks Gage in the car and he
comes upstairs to Rachel, and then Ellie knocks
him unconscious, and she drags Rachel’s
body to the burial ground.
Louis wakes up, and he goes to see Gage safe
in the car and then he goes to the pet cemetery,
Ellie stabs him with the knife, and soon he
overpowers her, and he starts chocking her,
when he tries to kill her, he is taken down
by now undead Rachel.
Later, Gage is in the car as he waves at her
family, and Louis approaches the car, and
the movie ends.
However, in the alternate ending, Louis spares
Ellie, instead of killing her, and they both
bury Rachel behind the pet cemetery, Ellie
manipulates and promises him that they will
be a family together forever.
In the house, Ellie, Church, and a newly resurrected
Rachel approaches, and reunite with an unhappy
Louis holding Gage, who is crying.
And the movie ends, if you liked it, please
like & subscribe it really helps the channel
grow.